docs: clarify cacheTag limit - it is per call (#93768)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/04-functions/cacheTag.mdx

cacheTag('tag-one', 'tag-two')
```

> - **Limits**: A single `cacheTag()` call accepts up to 128 tags, and each tag can be up to 256 characters. Tags beyond 128 in one call are dropped with a console warning.

Reviewer: The tags that are too long are also dropped with a warning.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Limits**: A single `cacheTag()` call accepts up to 128 tags, each up to 256 characters. Tags longer than 256 characters are skipped, and any tags past the 128th in one call are dropped. Both cases log a console warning.
```

> - **Limits**: A single `cacheTag()` call accepts up to 128 tags, each up to 256 characters. Tags longer than 256 characters are skipped, and any tags past the 128th in one call are dropped. Both cases log a console warning.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Limits**: A single `cacheTag()` call accepts up to 128 tags, each with a maximum length of 256 characters. Tags longer than 256 characters are skipped, and any tags past the 128th in one call are dropped. Both cases log a console warning.
```
